<<<<<<< HEAD
# PLT
Hippograph Hello-world

Files:
 - Makefile
 - ast.ml
 - codegen.ml
 - helloworld.hpg (a sample program)
 - hippograph.ml
 - parser.mly
 - parseraux.ml
 - sast.ml
 - scanner.mll
 - semant.ml
 - /test/ (test suite)
 - testall.log
 - testall.sh

To build the compiler:
   make redo

To run the compiler on the tests:
  ./testall.sh

To see an example of llvm output:
  ./hippograph.native < helloworld.hpg

Working:
The entire pipeline works, with the end product being
llvm code. The test-suite provided shows an example of program
that works (test-helloworld.hpg) and an example that fails
(fail-helloworld.hpg).

To be done:
We have a lot of blocks of code commented out and therefore a 
lot of non-exhaustive warnings. The next step will be to take 
care of the warnings by uncommenting the blocks and testing.
=======
# Hippograph

Authors:
* Benjamin Lewinter (`bsl2121`)
* Irina Mateescu (`im2441`)
* Harry Smith (`hs3061`)
* Yasunari Watanabe (`yw3239`)

## Compile

Run `make` to compile, and `make clean` to remove generated intermediary files.

## Run

Ensure the compilation step has generated a `hippograph.native` binary in the root directory.

To display the appropriate semantic error or `.ll` code generated by llvm for any given `.hpg` file, run
```
./hippograph.native path/to/FILENAME.hpg
```

## Test

Run `make test` to execute tests. This runs `.hpg` files in the `test/` directory, and compares the result to the expected output.

## Current Status

Currently, the test script correctly identifies a valid program that prints "Hello, world". It also correctly fails an invalid program that passes an integer instead of a string into the `print` function; the fail case detects the type mismatch, and prints the relevant error message.

The project still compiles with many warnings, as vast portions of the codebase are commented out.
>>>>>>> 7918fc4ade676abb40ac962f7433c4a346138630
# ansible
